In this video we'll cover the Checkout form.
We'll save the order using the front end.
So the Spring Boot back-end code is up and running,
let's go ahead and focus on writing
the Angular front-end code for this.
So here's our development process,
the first thing we'll do is we'll create some common classes
for Customer, Order, OrderItem, Address and Purchase.
We'll also create the CheckoutService,
this'll basically make the REST API call
to the Spring Boot backend.
Then we'll update the CheckoutComponent,
we'll inject the CheckoutService and the Router,
we'll also update the onSubmit method to collect form data
and also call the CheckoutService.
All right, so this looks pretty good.
Let's go ahead and move into the next video
and let's write some code!